I'm lounging aboard the pershing 5x
their new 54 footer and what's unique
about this boat it is the first one that
they have built with pod drives in fact
it's the IPS 950 and the top speed on
this boat is going to be 36 knots this
boat has lots of places to lounge aboard
encoding this great companion playpen
and that's because the helm is a single
seat which is kind of unique the galley
is down and there are two cabins and two
heads below as well
pushing really has a bead on this nice
curvaceous European styling so if you're
looking for a boat like this check out
the 5x review at floats calm boat
insurance at United marine underwriters
we're simply the best at what we do just
boat insurance we offer comprehensive
insurance coverage for all your boating
needs boat insurance quotes on your
screen in 90 seconds United marine
underwriters